Hosted launch: trial documentation updates (#2289)
astronomer/docs: astro/trial.md

To start your trial, Astronomer recommends using the name of your company as the name of your Organization and naming your first Workspace after your data team or initial business use case with Airflow. You can update these names in the Cloud UI after you finish activating your trial. 

## Next steps

> After Astronomer creates your cluster, you're ready to start deploying and running DAGs on Astro. Complete the following tasks to get your first DAG up and running on Astro: 

Reviewer: Maybe a small tweak here, with a Hosted trial we're not even creating a cluster, it's in place already.

Like just `Now you're ready to start..` or something ?

1. [Create a Deployment](create-deployment.md). A Deployment is an Astro Runtime environment that is powered by the core components of Apache Airflow and where you can run DAGs.
2. [Install the Astro CLI](cli/install-cli.md). The Astro CLI is an open source command line interface for developing Airflow DAGs on your local machine and deploying them to Astro
3. [Run your first DAG on Astro](create-first-dag.md). You'll create a local Astro project, then push that project to your Astro Deployment. The entire process takes about 5 minutes. 

## Trial limitations

Astro trials have some limitations that aren't present in the paid product:

> - You can only create Deployments in standard clusters, which are clusters that are shared with other Astro users. 

Reviewer: hmm, I wonder how explicit we want to make this. It's sorta obv I suppose  that if you say `Standard` vs `Dedicated` then the implication is that Standard therefore must be shared but the reason we named it Standard was to try and not make it so blatantly in the users face that it is shared. The rationale was that perhaps a security person would just flag anything that said "shared" for closer review. 

maybe `You can only create Deployments in standard clusters, which do not support VPC Peer network configurations for access to your internal data sources` ? or something? Something more about a capability that Dedicated gives you vs "shared" itself.

Reviewer 2: We should def just clarify this in the Astro architecture + features pages I think @jwitz

- You can only have up to two Deployments at any given time.
- You can only configure the `default` worker queue, and you can only have a maximum worker count of two.

>    

Reviewer: There are also limitations in the trial with respect to the max quota you can set for KPO and KE pods. 

- When you have a Celery Executor then you are limited to 4 vCPU and 8G RAM
- When you have a Kubernetes Executor then you are limited to 12 vCPU and 24G RAM

^ prob we don't need to explain to this level of detail but just fyi the reason for the difference is that on Celery you have a mix of the "Worker Type" machines ( of which you have max 2 ) _and_ the k8s pods. On KE you _only_ have the k8s pods so the limits are set so that effectively the limits are a total of 12 vCPU and 24G RAM max in both cases so a trial is not penalized in terms of its "max size" whether you pick Celery or KE.

Reviewer 2: @jwitz Should we add this to run your first DAG doc if we're getting rid of this one?

(I see how you're feeling that it's getting a bit long)

To start your trial, Astronomer recommends using the name of your company as the name of your Organization and naming your first Workspace after your data team or initial business use case with Airflow. You can update these names in the Cloud UI after you finish activating your trial. 

## Next steps

> You're now ready to start deploying and running DAGs on Astro. Complete the following tasks to get your first DAG up and running on Astro: 

Author: ```suggestion
You're now ready to start deploying and running DAGs on Astro. See [Run your first DAG on Astro](create-first-dag.md) for a detailed quickstart. You'll create a local Astro project, then push that project to your Astro Deployment. The entire process takes about 5 minutes. 
```

> 1. [Create a Deployment](create-deployment.md). A Deployment is an Astro Runtime environment that is powered by the core components of Apache Airflow and where you can run DAGs.
> 2. [Install the Astro CLI](cli/install-cli.md). The Astro CLI is an open source command line interface for developing Airflow DAGs on your local machine and deploying them to Astro
> 3. [Run your first DAG on Astro](create-first-dag.md). You'll create a local Astro project, then push that project to your Astro Deployment. The entire process takes about 5 minutes. 

Author: ```suggestion
```
